in 2029 the mutants are almost extinct
werewolf logan now faced with both
physical and regenerative aging to
survive and have money he worked as a
taxi driver for many years
a man who is wild and always raises his
claws ready to kill everything including
the robbers who want to steal one of his
super beautiful wheels
they are also deadly
logan never knew that one day he would
become the leader and protector of the
little creatures
faced with a mysterious organization
will logan be able to preserve his life
to continue his story
let's find the answer together today
humans of the mutant world they must now
depend on each other to coexist
wolverine is no exception
he and the bald old man who is professor
x live on the southern border of the
united states
calvin is another friend who lives with
him
he has the ability to smell other
mutants but cannot smell danger nearby
professor x has the smartest brain in
the world but he has alzheimer's
every time professor x has a seizure he
generates extremely high frequency sound
waves
if others do not give him medicine in
time he will destroy everything around
even a powerful army like x-men will not
survive
logan drives every day to have money to
buy medicine for professor x and to save
a large sum of money to buy a ship
after that they will quickly leave here
and move to the most peaceful place
from time to time logan still had to
sharpen his rusty claw to keep it sharp
his person is gradually lost in the old
body sadness and loneliness
a mysterious woman keeps ordering
logan's car by all means the only
address is to cross the canadian border
logan thinks she's crazy but
surprisingly she throws him a large sum
of money big enough for him to buy a
ship if he gets to where she asks
logan seems a bit greedy for money he
ignores all dangers and agreed to her
the next morning logan came to pick up
the guest as scheduled but the woman was
dead and her supposed daughter
disappeared
logan returned sadly
calvin smelled mutants somewhere it was
also when they had to face the villain
wearing sunglasses
he asked for the girl that logan brought
home yesterday before he could finish
his words he was beaten and died
professor x happily introduced this is
laura he has been waiting for her for a
long time
logan didn't understand how she got into
his car
who is the girl
the powerful army led by donald pierce
noticed something they quickly went to
catch laura
logan and professor x were quickly
overpowered by the army
only laura was still finishing her food
because she was so hungry
to thank for the delicious meal laura
boldly stepped out with adamantium alloy
males like logan
the mutant girl a generation of x-23 was
created carrying the dna copy of logan
her strength is now stronger than
logan's
he went from surprise to shock watching
the girl counter-attack as if he saw the
majestic years of his youth
logan russia immediately rushed over and
assisted
but due to the large number of villains
they decided to run away
logan tries to break through the
barricade to run away from the violent
men chasing them behind
he risked crossing the moving carriage
to end the stressful and exhausting
chase returning peace to the life he was
living
logan suddenly sees a recording of the
dead woman
she used to be a nurse in mexico
a mysterious organization under the name
of a pharmaceutical research program
children like laura have no birth
certificates no names
their fathers are genetic seeds their
mothers are mexican women or in vitro
killer warriors are made to trade and
sell
laura carries logan's genes in other
words she is his child
the children of laura's generation grew
up disobedient
a warrior who refuses to fight is
useless
therefore they created a new generation
of x-24 who were more obedient to kill
the children of the same generation of
laura
this is a chase
the group of children believe in what
happens in a storybook about mutants
together they fled to the address
believed to be there
logan discovered that a dress from a
comic book
logan brought this valuable information
to exchange with professor x he was
being persecuted he chose to defend
himself as a seizure
it caused a huge uproar in a large area
logan quickly gave him medicine and took
him away
they leave the city logan helps a farmer
by the roadside
they were then invited to a family
dinner
it had been a long time since they had
felt such a happy family atmosphere
after an intimate dinner logan and his
host went out to the field to fix a
plumber near the house
everyone slowly fell asleep
calvin was detained brutally tortured
they forced him to smell and locate
laura
thought professor x and laura would have
a peaceful sleep tonight
unexpectedly he was killed by a
completely new logan laura was also
quickly captured
returning logan really mad when
professor x had to die logan risked his
life to attack the big fake logan
he hit logan with his new mutant powers
and logan responded with all his hatred
and indignation
the last murder was enough thanks to a
surprise attack by the farmer's car he
madly shot the murderer several more
times to get angry
logan carries laura and escapes with
professor x he was heartbroken to bury
professor x in the most peaceful place
the pain is too great to lose the most
important thing
logan became sadder and weaker than ever
frantically smashing everything
logan fell asleep because he was so
tired and so laura drove the car to the
rendezvous with her friends
arriving there was also when logan
collapsed
maybe he's about to die
the logan like killer was then injected
with a mutant serum that brought him
back to life
calvin was tortured to the point of
exhaustion leaving only a dead body
logan once had thoughts of suicide with
his own bullet he was discovered by
laura because of the bullet mark in his
body
the only bullet made of adama capable of
killing wary walls
he was confiscated by the girl
the kids here like him so much they cut
his beard and trim it for him
tomorrow they will cross the border to a
safer place
when the new migration started the army
came and surrounded the whole forest the
children forced themselves to use their
inherent abilities to defend
some were caught some fell
logan is now very weak he injects
himself with a dose of the serum left
behind by the children in order to have
a chance to save the little creatures
for once
logan and laura try to eliminate the
soldiers one by one
donald pierce releases the resurrected
werewolf
he is very strong now logan can only
hold out for a few minutes and is
quickly defeated
laura galloped out to protect her father
the girl risked her life stabbing the
killer many times
laura's friends also joined forces to
save logan it all didn't end so easily
the x-24 killer arose he kept torturing
logan
laura decided to feed him the adama
bullet she confiscated from logan
logan was in excruciating pain
the killer must die and logan will not
in the face of death logan understood
the feeling of hearing the first call of
father from his daughter
he left the world before leaving with
her friends laura planted an image of
the letter x on her father's grave the
x-men hero ending the life of a hero
going down in history this is the end of
the movie see you in the next movie
thank you for watching the movie